# EnhancedDiscord
A simple way to load plugins and themes on Discord without token stealing and lag.

Loosely based off of [DiscordInjections](https://github.com/DiscordInjections/DiscordInjections/); all the injection/installation was modified from it.

### Installing the easy way:

Go to [this Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1_vDfuMGj-usAhAUUJabfRhiR9NEErwPW?usp=sharing) and find the executable for your system, then simply download and run it.

*If you're worried about viruses, as you should be, know this: the executables were generated by the exact files in this repo with [pkg](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pkg).*

### Installing the hard way:

1. Install Node.js if you haven't already. Google can help you with this

2. Download + extract or clone this repo to wherever you want its files to stay.
  *(Once you inject, the path to these files is saved, and plugins and other files will be loaded from that location.)*
  
3. Open a console window and set the location to the path mentioned above. Again, Google is your friend here if you're a noob.

4. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.

5. Run `node index.js` to start the installer.

### Explanation of files:

- `theme.css` ~ CSS file that's imported by the main CSS file (`plugins/style.css` by default) in order to allow auto-updating. Not useful by itself.

- `dom_shit.js` ~ File that's loaded when Discord starts. This file loads all plugins, etc.

- `plugins` ~ Directory to store custom plugins. Examples/guides on how to create plugins coming soon:tm:.

   - `plugins/css_loader.js` ~ Loads a custom theme from `plugins/style.css`, and hot-reloads the file when it's changed.
   
   - `plugins/splash_stuff.js` ~ Loads a "theme" and changes random messages in the splash screen. Easy way to add messages coming soon:tm:.
   - `plugins/experiments.js` ~ Enables Discord staff "expermients."
   
   - `plugins/hidden_channels.js` ~ Shows a list of hidden channels (where you can't view messages) in every server.
   
   - `plugins/tag_all.js` ~ Lets you tag (mention) channels and roles you normally can't.
   
   - `plugins/emoji_packs.js` ~ Allows you to replace Discord's emojis with a new set.
   
   - `plugins/ed_settings.js` ~ Shows a tab for EnhancedDiscord settings in your user settings.
   
   - `plugins/anti_ping.js` ~ Hides ping icon for servers that are muted & @everyone is suppressed.
   
   - `plugins/silence.js` ~ Makes Clyde shut the fuck up about buying Nitro.

### Custom plugins

To create your own plugin, check out [the plugin readme](/plugins.md).
